Cloud based deployment:==

Run all parts of the application in the cloud.
Migrate existing applications to the cloud.
Design and build new applications in the cloud.
In a cloud-based deployment model, you can migrate existing applications to the cloud, or you can design and build new applications in the cloud. You can build those applications on low-level infrastructure that requires your IT staff to manage them. Alternatively, you can build them using higher-level services that reduce the management, architecting, and scaling requirements of the core infrastructure.
For example, a company might create an application consisting of virtual servers, databases, and networking components that are fully based in the cloud

On Premises deployment :-
Deploy resources by using virtualization and resource management tools.
Increase resource utilization by using application management and virtualization technologies.
On-premises deployment is also known as a private cloud deployment. In this model, resources are deployed on premises by using virtualization and resource management tools.

For example, you might have applications that run on technology that is fully kept in your on-premises data center. Though this model is much like legacy IT infrastructure, its incorporation of application management and virtualization technologies helps to increase resource utilization.

Hybrid Deployment;-
Connect cloud-based resources to on-premises infrastructure.
Integrate cloud-based resources with legacy IT applications.
In a hybrid deployment, cloud-based resources are connected to on-premises infrastructure. You might want to use this approach in a number of situations. For example, you have legacy applications that are better maintained on premises, or government regulations require your business to keep certain records on premises.
For example, suppose that a company wants to use cloud services that can automate batch data processing and analytics. However, the company has several legacy applications that are more suitable on premises and will not be migrated to the cloud. With a hybrid deployment, the company would be able to keep the legacy applications on premises while benefiting from the data and analytics services that run in the cloud.


Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2):--
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) provides secure, resizable compute capacity in the cloud as Amazon EC2 instances. 
Imagine you are responsible for the architecture of your company's resources and need to support new websites. With traditional on-premises resources, you have to do the following:
Spend money upfront to purchase hardware.
Wait for the servers to be delivered to you.
Install the servers in your physical data center.
Make all the necessary configurations.
By comparison, with an Amazon EC2 instance you can use a virtual server to run applications in the AWS Cloud.

You can provision and launch an Amazon EC2 instance within minutes.
You can stop using it when you have finished running a workload.
You pay only for the compute time you use when an instance is running, not when it is stopped or terminated.
You can save costs by paying only for server capacity that you need or want.

General purpose instances  :–
General purpose instances provide a balance of compute, memory, and networking resources. You can use them for a variety of workloads, such as:
application servers
gaming servers
backend servers for enterprise applications
small and medium databases

The different instance families in EC2 are general purpose, compute optimized, memory optimized, accelerated computing, and storage optimized. 
Compute optimized :--
 instances are ideal for compute-intensive tasks like gaming servers, high performance computing or HPC, and even scientific modeling. 

Memory optimized :-- 
instances are good for memory-intensive tasks. Accelerated computing are good for floating point number calculations, graphics processing, or data pattern matching, as they use hardware accelerators. database

storage optimized :--
 are good for, can you guess it? Workloads that require high performance for locally stored data. 
 
 
 On-Demand --
On-Demand Instances are ideal for short-term, irregular workloads that cannot be interrupted. No upfront costs or minimum contracts apply. The instances run continuously until you stop them, and you pay for only the compute time you use.
ample use cases for On-Demand Instances include developing and testing applications and running applications that have unpredictable usage patterns.
